Add main project files [14316] (#17)
eProsima/AML-IP: README.md

# eProsima AML-IP

**Algebraic Machine Learning - Integrating Platform** project.

> :warning: **TODO** badges

*eProsima AML-IP* is an end-user software application with a Python API that allow to instantiate AML-IP nodes
and interact with them.

> These nodes are intercommunicated by *DDS* protocol powered by *Fast-DDS* and allow the user to communicate
> its AML data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These nodes are intercommunicated by *DDS* protocol powered by *Fast-DDS*, which allows users to share
their AML data with other participants in the network.
```

command:

```bash
sudo apt install libssl-dev
```

#### SWIG

`amlip_bindings` requires `SWIG` software.
[SWIG](https://www.swig.org/) is a software development tool that connects programs written in C and C++
with a variety of high-level programming languages.
Install yaml-cpp using the package manager of the appropriate Linux distribution. For example, on
Ubuntu use the command:

```bash
sudo apt update
sudo apt install -y \
    swig \
```

#### eProsima dependencies

If it already exists in the system an installation of *Fast DDS* library with version greater than *2.4.0*, just source
this library when building the *AML-IP* application by using the command:

```bash
source <fastdds-installation-path>/install/setup.bash
```

In other case, just download *Fast DDS* project from sources and build it together with *AML-IP* using colcon as it
is explained in the following section.

### Colcon installation

1. Create a `AML-IP` directory and download the `.repos` file that will be used to install *AML-IP* and its dependencies:

```bash
mkdir -p ~/AML-IP/src
cd ~/AML-IP

> wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/eProsima/AML-IP/main/ddsrouter.repos

Reviewer: ```suggestion
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/eProsima/AML-IP/main/amlip.repos
```

> vcs import src < ddsrouter.repos

Reviewer: ```suggestion
vcs import src < amlip.repos
```

```

2. Build the packages:

```bash
colcon build
```

This repository holds several colcon packages.
These packages are:

* `amlip_cpp`       : C++ library with main AML-IP functionality to create Nodes and interact with them.

> * `amlip_bindings`  : Python API autogenerated by SWIG from `amlip_cpp` API.

Reviewer: NIT: I believe we went for ``amlip_swig``
